List of Burns

Straight lacen no chasen gota hasten

My rhymes are hot like having giant knockers.
Your rhymes are weak always getting shoved into lockers.
In fact, you're the reason they call them peasant blockers.

Firstly you need my mercy, nothing like teacher Kirsty: you're so thirsty you need to bursty

Some news you can use

My brain grows as students sit in rows listening to my hip hop flows while you PICK YOUR NOSE

Put stain on the gain

Take some sips, and listen to these rips, as your grades slips and dips because of your dirty lips!

Your brain's got gaps, so close those apps, shut your big flaps and listen to my raps. 

Sit down or take a nap. But cut the crap while getting schooled on how to rap.

I go to the gym until I'm fully swolle while you go to the buffet until you're fullyvfull

I'm the teacher that can't be beat. You're the student that can't find his seat!

You've got peach fuzz on your face and your rhymes are a disgrace. Whereas I can grow a full beard and my skills are fully feared.

You've got to get learned as each one of my lines are making you get burned. 

I'm the the teacher that can rock. You're a student that I can mock. Because I have more friends than you have followers on TickTock.

See how he nods.
Listening on his AirPods.
While I rhyme with the greek gods.

You need a lenz to see me driven a benz in my T-ens!

For every grade. I get paid for my lemonade while you sit in the shade I made and fade.

Through sheer force of will I'm a hip-hop master: you effort is at nill so your a learning disaster

From here to Flynn's beach I teach what is just out of your reach

I don’t mean to boast, I don’t mean to brag but you’re the stupidest student when you wag.

Listen to this attack. Because it's a fact. That what's in my mind you lack, and if you drop out you'll be back.

Expect more like a centaur cuz i'll be your mentor

I’m the leader of the new school, you shall not pass, until the bell rings to let you off of class.

This class is a dungeon and you're not prepared.
I see you strugglin and I know you're scared.
My raps are stunnin making you feel impaired.

My rhymes could melt the sun.
So listen as I roast you for fun.
No go ahead and run.
Cuz you burn like a water gun

My wizardry with words is a masterpiece from the heavens, you’re out of luck but I keep hitting triple sevens. 

I’m cooler than an Eskimo, more drips than a tap. You can act like it’s not facts, but I know you’re all cap.

If you’re having friend problems I feel bad for you son/ I got 99 problems basic math aint one/

You cant keep your mouth shut you talk too much in class. Don’t make me put your butt on blast aunt my fault you cant pass.

You can’t wait for recess to get a break from the test/
But if you studied I bet you wouldn’t be feeling that stress/

Read a book or pay attention it don’t matter at all/
But if you keep taking a nap I’ll see you next fall/

I could send you to the principle or even call your parents/
I'm not your legal guardian I know its apparent/

1 fish, 2 fish, red fish, blue fish/
Study some more and you wouldn’t look clueless/

I'm the best teacher you should congratulate me/
You were the best student but you’ve been slacking lately/

Write your name on your paper or get a big zero/
I'm not Sherlock Holmes I can’t be your hero/

You think you're cool like a kid with a slit. But you're not learning anything not even a bit. So before your next fit, have a seat and get yourself sit.

I'm rapping the best/ 
you'll have massive regret/
you beating me is impossible like you passing a test/


I feast on emcees there's no need for discussion/
you're a child that is wild with style but no substance/

I'm always growing when I'm flowing
So you know that I re-up/
I'm so ahead of time
My present is trying to keep up/
